Start a plan for a multi-stage refactor of the machine learning pipeline. Here is a brief history of the repo. I started with creating a pytorch data loader that creates 1-D       
   sequences with 8 features from UAV RSRP and trajectory measurements. Then I had AI generate an Inception Time model to use the data loader and act as a deep-learning baseline.     
   Then I had AI generate the deterministic Line of Sight Path Loss model for a physical baseline. Then I had AI generate an extreme learning machine model to understand a more       
   recent lighter model. Now I will describe the story I am trying to tell. I want to show the transition from physics-based deterministic path-loss model to more recent developments 
   in deep learning models (like inception), then to the cutting-edge lightweight models (like extreme learning machine). I want to start by showing the results of the line of sight  
   model on each individual flight, then the results of aggregating all flights. Then I want to show the Inception model utilizing all possible data points and a standard deep        
   learning flow to get the best validation result. I want a train/validation split and I want to keep some data unseen by the model to test on at the end. Then I want to add         
   additional constraints to the Inception time model that would mimic real-world scenarios. I want to test two types of constraints, time constraints (inference time, in-flight      
   training) and sample constraints (training on less overall data). I then want to show how an extreme learning machine works with similar constraints. The goal is to find out which 
   learning model would be better for an in-flight use case on an actual UAV. Here is what should be changed. The dataloader should allow for lower total number of samples when       
   requested, and there shouldn't be any inception-specific terminology. The inception time model should be modified to work with a train/validate/test split rather than just         
   train/validate. The line of sight model should use the same dataloader as the other models even if it doesn't use some of the features and doesn't do any training. The extreme     
   learning machine should be able to work in a similar way to the inception model, only it won't have epochs obviously. There should be a new main driver file that exectures line of 
   sight path loss and executes inception and ELM with varying number of samples and epochs (time component for inception). Relevant data should be saved to a learning_report.md file 
   and relevat graphs should be saved as png files and imported in the learning_report.md file.
